hello I'm Kathy Jones and this wonderful
creature is crumble my six years old
Chihuahua shih tzu poodle and a very
special VIP
[Music]
[Applause]
this is VI pets where we meet pedigree
personalities and their BFFs
busy furry friends I'm Jessie openig
rocky and a Pet Pals right here right
now a professional dancer choreographer
and all-around boring stir catches James
and OSHA wah wah shih tzu hazel crambo i
have to say that is a big mouthful to
say that is there's lots of different
variations off of how you can say her
breed what about shipping she a bless
you yeah that sounds good actually I
like that so how long have you named
this little one then well I had named
before I even had a dog so when we were
looking for one and I saw that little
face I knew this is little crumble how
small was he when he first got genuinely
you could fit her on a palm of your hand
that's how small she was she was the
tiniest little ball of fluff and what
did he think when you first met crumble
it's true what they say that they choose
use not that you choose them when we saw
her like that so and that's crumble
we've got to have her we worked really
hard from when she was a young puppy to
make sure you know she's toilet trained
and all the little tricks and I remember
when she was young every two hours for
under night we've taken turns and wake
up and take her outside that she knew
that you know toilets outside so she's
very good like this now I did teach her
other things as well
I wanna know what tricks is she can sip
she can lay down she can roll either
side come on come here
sit good give me pull down gay and roll
there's not much space but come on roll
over
tilt well tilt a little dogs down and
even look no sit down good no see no see
she pulls back but my favorite you know
sometimes you just need that extra cash
Jessie you know what I mean so sometimes
if you ask her very nicely
good girl thanks Kroy see later she
brings a cache but walk if you want out
vo pets we love to know all about our
pets personal preference so have a
question for you okay
and for combo do you think crumble will
prefer a stick or a suck a stick or a
sock well it's a nice either in the size
of my dick I'm not sure it will be the
stick I think she'll like the song but
Laci stick Oh quick stick Oh suck stick
Oh suck you very kindly filmed video
diary for us yeah doggie look now we're
getting to see what life is like
together with cats yet and crumble
crumble loves to sleep in bed with me
and there's always lots of kisses in the
morning she loves to cuddle into you so
does she pushes you out of your place
even if the whole bed is empty she was
still want to push you off the spot and
be like nah this is my place I always
take her to my dance studio whenever I
teach she is so you stage she's been
coming there from when she was a little
girl she's got her little cushion there
where she sits and watches me teach and
she loves to interact and mess around
with my younger students crown was
really really smart little girl we're
taught to do lots of different tricks
from basics like faith and doubt she can
also roll over she can dance around and
stand up and pivot and do a little twirl
one of my favorites is when you just saw
point at hand you go bang and she
pretends to be there but I love that
actually crumble doesn't really think
she's a dog does it to the life to hang
out with other dogs she thinks she's a
human so after a very busy schedule off
you know going to dance studio go for
walks
she likes to just chill and do
absolutely nothing but don't we all like
that crumble is a combination of three
small dogs the Chihuahua Shih Tzu and
poodle big or small all domestic dogs in
the world today can be linked to the
gray wolf but in dogs with small body
sizes scientists have matched one single
gene called igf-1 big dogs don't have
this gene and neither do wolves this
shows that the gene from a small body
size came after dogs were first tamed
and kept as pets instead of adapting for
survival in the wild domestic dogs were
bred for jobs but humans needed them to
do and small dogs were perfect for
things like hunting in small places or
even just for being different onions
sometimes we want a smaller dog but can
fit comfortably on a lap nowadays the
popularity of small dogs has increased
for loads of reasons from city living
and smaller apartments to being more
affordable to feed and take to the vets
one thing's for sure small dogs that
crumble are very cute and very cool now
we find out what cat SIA thinks her dog
has to say about her all in the time it
takes Katia
to do her best portrait of combo not
very good at drawing skills but likely
crumble just as lots of black hair so I
guess it's just gonna be all some black
scribbles it's a sea and crumpled how
are you feeling because my mom is not
very good drawer but it's gotta be
hilarious anyhow amazing
[Applause]
crumble how did you feel when you saw
Katia for the first time I'm not sure I
remember though it's so small and my
mommy was looking very pretty I think
but she wanted to take me home and I
wanted to come with them immediately and
what is your favorite thing about living
with Katia oh we do lots of dancing you
see I come to the studio and I watch my
mommy dance and do you love to dance I
do mommy taught me how to dance I do a
little twirl
Kindle roll over I don't know if that
counts as a dance man I think it does
street dance oh yeah yeah I'm great at
that dancing on streets what's your
favorite thing to do outside of and
dance I like to chase birds I could
never catch them yeah I'm gonna look for
some now and what's the worst thing
about living with a dancer the worst
thing living with dance unfortunate is
they do lots of rehearsals because
they've done so much that they leave me
behind
and do you miss them I miss them so much
I think about them every day in my
dreams of course food first and then
then you can do it it's very inspiring
[Music]
how's your portrait game test I think
it's actually really good I've just been
doing lots of hairs well just one more
question then for you crumble what is
something really important that you
would like to say it's akatsiya I'd like
to sim let me thank you so much for
finding me I know it's not easy leaving
a distance a lot but I always look
forward to seeing well that's lovely cat
SIA how you getting on
we're happy about it he's thanking God
the math grumbo it's time to reveal
[Applause]
laughing a sensation oh that's pretty
good I told you it's gonna be easy and
the mouth skips it just a little bit of
happiness I didn't know it looks like
what's the from Star Wars a hairy
creature
yeah can you talk us through what you've
done here so I've drawn loads of hairs
because sometimes quite hard to actually
see where's the front that was the back
of crumble like you can't tell whether
it's the bum on the face it's lots of
black hairs so that was easy her little
black eyes but really friendly I think
it's amazing I think I've done really
well crumble how do you feel I love it I
think mommy's done really well Jessie
don't you think so
features done am anything me actually
I'm glad she's giving me a mouth
otherwise I wouldn't be able to talk
like I do right now it's been such a big
pleasure meeting you today crumble and
thank you so much from flying cats you
little thing oh I'm very happy I like
stay
I think this throne really suits me I
think they'd see the queen of little
dogs and thank you for watching don't
forget to check out loads more VI pets
and all our other videos on the BBC
earth kids Channel